c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.xap
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTestTestPage.html
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.IO.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.g.resources
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.pdb
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.xap
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTestTestPage.html
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.IO.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Runtime.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\Bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\SilverlightSignalRTest.pdb
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\SilverlightSignalRTest\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
