c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.UIL.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\NAudio.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\NAudio.WindowsMediaFormat.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\System.Net.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.BLL.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.Entities.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\libmp3lame.32.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\NAudio.Lame.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.BLL.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.Entities.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\NAudio.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\obj\Debug\VU.UIL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\obj\Debug\VU.UIL.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\obj\Debug\VU.UIL.pdb
c:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\libmp3lame.64.dll
c:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.UIL.pdb
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\libmp3lame.32.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\libmp3lame.64.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.UIL.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.UIL.pdb
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\NAudio.Lame.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\NAudio.WindowsMediaFormat.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\System.Net.Json.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.BLL.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.Entities.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.BLL.pdb
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\VU.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\obj\Debug\VU.UIL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\obj\Debug\VU.UIL.dll
C:\Users\arman\Desktop\VUProject\VU.UIL\obj\Debug\VU.UIL.pdb
